About PartSelect
We have a passion for DIY and home repairs. We don't just sell parts – we provide the tools to help you at every stage of your repair from diagnosing the problem to installing the part. Our mission is to become the ultimate home repair resource for do-it-yourselfers.

Since launching in 1999, PartSelect.com has been a leader in helping do-it-yourselfers with their home repair needs by providing repair parts and the know-how to fix their household appliances, outdoor power equipment, and consumer electronics.

PartSelect is a division of Eldis Group, a company that has been serving do-it-yourselfers since 1945.

Our team of experts is always here to help you find the right part for your specific model of major appliance, small appliance, or small engine equipment. Our technical writers and video team works closely with a team of on-staff repair technicians to help you find the answers to any repair issue you might have. Together, our experienced team spends their days putting together detailed repair advice, including product information, photos, schematics, troubleshooting guides, maintenance tips, and part installation instructions, with the goal of helping you with every step of your repair. And if you need further assistance, our friendly and knowledgeable customer service team is just a phone call or email away. Every member of our customer service team is trained in answering basic questions about parts and repair, and will be able to help guide you to the right part to solve your problem.

All Original Parts (OEM)
OEM stands for Original Equipment Manufacturer. Simply put, this means that the company who made your appliance or equipment is also supplying the replacement part for it. PartSelect believes in the importance of only selling OEM parts, which will last longer and are guaranteed to fit your appliance. See our guide to OEM parts

A Family of Repair Companies
PartSelect is a division of Eldis Group, a company that has been serving do-it-yourselfers since 1945. We’re part of a family of repair websites each specializing in various categories to serve your needs from major appliances to outdoor power equipment, all backed by our experienced repair technicians.